# GEAST-RF: Geometry Enhanced  3D Arbitrary Style Transfer Via Neural Radiance Fields
3D style transfer aims to present stylized novel views of 3D scenes with multi-view consistency. However, most existing works based on radiance fields face three main challenges: precise geometry reconstruction, high-quality stylization, and artifacts introduced by stylization. We propose GERF (Geometry Enhanced Arbitrary 3D Style Transfer of Neural Radiance Fields), an 3D style transfer technique that addresses these challenges by performing style transfer in the feature space of radiance fields. GERF employs explicit high-level feature grids to represent 3D scenes, achieving coarse-grained geometry reconstruction through volume rendering and high-quality Arbitrary 3D style transfer based on target style image information. GERF consists of two innovative designs. The first one is the geometry structure enhancement module, which aligns the geometric structures of stylized views from the same viewpoint to those in the content views, enabling high-precision geometry reconstruction. Thresholding and masking operations are introduced during alignment to alleviate artifacts such as floaters and ghosting produced during rendering. The second one is the adaptive stylization module, which utilizes adaptive computation during the stylization stage to make the model focus more on core style information, reducing reliance on edge style information. Comprehensive testing validates that GERF delivers exceptional 3D stylization by accurately reconstructing geometric details and seamlessly adapts to novel styles without additional training.
